[Music]
however dark the night however did awful
and while four o'clock the light will
always follow darkness
keep going the way you're going you end
up as a bum on the street
you train you fight harder than those
other guys and you win you could take it
you can make it you can do this look you
just got to believe you can Bob does
Mardas
Loui moment of pain is worth of
lifestyles glory
we're gonna die not dying
I got good news
who is the Olympic athlete
don't look at me hello mother father
mrs. you're Louie talking I'm now
interned in a Tokyo prisoner of war camp
I can't say this when it says about
America it's not true
this man must be taught you spend each
prison will teach him disaster
I used to think that I could do anything
but I was better than I am
but you can be through this I swear I'll
dedicate my whole life
if I can take it I can make
a few drops that surely